{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 \fmodern Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Back to top\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 At Oreol, we are committed to fostering a {\b healthy and inclusive work environment.} To achieve this, we\u8217've established a set of guidelines for employee behavior. We will recognize as {\b positive behavior:}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Using respectful and courteous language when communicating.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Demonstrating empathy, especially when addressing diverse viewpoints and experiences.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Embracing constructive criticism and direct feedback, and providing it with a spirit of improvement.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Operating with a default of trust and positivity, assuming good intentions in work relationships.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 On the other hand, the following behaviors are considered {\b unacceptable:}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab The use of any language or imagery that is sexualized or violent in nature.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Making unwelcome sexual advances or providing unwanted sexual attention.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Engaging in any form of discrimination or harassment, especially on the basis of protected characteristics such as race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, citizenship, national origin, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Reporting.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 If you encounter or witness any behavior that contravenes our Code of Conduct, we encourage you to report it promptly. You can make a report to your manager or directly to the leadership team via email or chat. Rest assured, all reports will be carefully reviewed and thoroughly investigated. We prioritize your confidentiality and will protect it to the extent possible during the investigation.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Consequences of violations.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Should an employee be found in breach of our Code of Conduct, the violation will be permanently recorded in their personnel file. The severity of the offense and the results of the investigation will determine the appropriate response. This may include mandatory training, an official reprimand, or, in extreme cases, termination of employment. We aim to communicate any actions taken in response to the reported violation to the individual who reported it, when feasible.\par}
}
