{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 \fmodern Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Back to top\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Agile.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Agile is an iterative project management and software development approach that helps teams deliver value to their customers faster and with fewer headaches. Instead of betting everything on a long-term launch, an agile team provides work in small but consumable increments. Requirements, plans, and results are evaluated continuously, so teams have a natural mechanism for responding to change quickly. Frameworks such as Scrum, {\b Shape Up or DevOps} are considered part of Agile methodologies.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 DevOps.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 DevOps is a set of practices that combines software development (Dev) and IT operations (Ops). It aims to shorten the systems development life cycle and provide continuous delivery with high software quality. Several DevOps aspects came from the Agile methodology.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Heterogenous computing.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Heterogeneous computing refers to using multiple processing units (such as CPUs, GPUs, FPGAs, and ACAPs) to leverage the unique strengths of each type of processing unit to achieve better performance and efficiency than would be possible with a single kind of unit alone. By combining multiple processing units with different architectures and capabilities, a heterogeneous computing system can handle a broader range of workloads and optimize performance for each task. Heterogeneous computing is becoming increasingly popular in fields like artificial intelligence, scientific computing, and high-performance computing.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Shape Up.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 As described in {\b How we work,} many of our practices are heavily influenced by Basecamp\u8212-the tool we use for project management and company communications\u8212-and the work methodology they enforce, known as Shape Up. For more information, you can explore their free book on {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "basecamp.com/shapeup"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
https://basecamp.com/shapeup.
}}}
\par}
}
