{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 \fmodern Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Back to top\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Oreol strongly supports and encourages {\b remote and asynchronous work,} which comes with specific rights and responsibilities to ensure a smooth and productive work experience. Adherence to our communication guidelines and working methodology is crucial.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 REMOTE.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Employees are responsible for setting up a {\b productive and safe remote work environment.} This includes having a stable internet connection, a dedicated workspace, and the necessary tools and equipment.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Communication guidelines and methodology.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Adherence to communication guidelines:} Remote work relies heavily on effective communication. Employees are expected to follow our communication guidelines diligently. This includes timely responses to messages, the use of appropriate communication tools (such as Basecamp and Shape Up), and respectful and professional interactions.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Utilization of Basecamp:} We use Basecamp as our primary project management and communication platform. All employees should be proficient in using Basecamp for project tracking, task management, and team collaboration. Regular check-ins and project updates are essential.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Embracing the Shape Up methodology:} At Oreol, we follow the Shape Up methodology for project development. Familiarity with Shape Up concepts and participation in the process is expected. This methodology helps ensure efficient project management and successful outcomes.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Working hours.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 We employ the annual working time model to provide flexibility and adaptable working conditions that consider the personal needs of our employees. This model allows for the optimization of work-life balance.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Respect for working hours:} Although remote work offers flexibility, employees are required to adhere to the defined working hours and schedules agreed upon with their teams. Punctuality in virtual meetings and collaboration is important. {\b Our standard working hours for full-time employees are set at 41 hours per week.} These hours are designed to meet the operational needs of the organization while considering the well-being and productivity of our workforce.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Balancing work and personal life:} Remote work allows for flexibility in managing personal commitments. Employees are encouraged to maintain a healthy work-life balance and to communicate proactively with their teams if they need to adjust their schedules.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Over-hours and overtime:} We understand that occasionally, operational demands may require employees to work beyond the standard hours. To address this, we have established a policy on over-hours and overtime. {\b Over-hours refer to extra hours worked beyond the legal limit of 45 hours per week.} We encourage employees to strive for a balance by taking equivalent time off throughout the year. In cases where balancing over-hours with time off is not feasible due to work needs, {\b employees are permitted to carry over up to 100 hours to the following year.} An additional 100 hours can be compensated. However, hours exceeding this limit will neither be carried over nor compensated.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Data security and technology.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Data security:} Protecting sensitive company information is paramount. Employees must follow our data security policies and adhere to best practices for securing data, devices, and communication channels.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Appropriate use of technology:} Employees are expected to use company-provided technology and software for work-related tasks. Personal technology should not be used unless authorized by the IT department.\sa180\par}
}
