{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 \fmodern Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Back to top\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 We work {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#on-basecamp"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
on Basecamp,
}}}
 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#in-small-teams"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
in small teams,
}}}
 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#shaping-up-every-six-weeks"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
shaping up every six weeks,
}}}
 and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#practicing-clear-communication"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
practicing clear communication.
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 On Basecamp.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 We use {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://basecamp.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Basecamp
}}}
 (an all-in-one project management platform) to develop our projects, communicate, and operate the company.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 In small teams.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 You can do big things with small teams, but it\u8217's hard to do small things with big teams. And small is often plenty. That\u8217's the power of small \u8212- you do what needs to be done rather than overdoing it.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Shaping up every six weeks.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Shape Up is a methodology to help teams design, develop, and ship new features every six weeks without burning out. Why six? It\u8217's long enough to make meaningful progress, but short enough that you can see the end from the beginning. Plus it gives you about eight chances a year to recalibrate and decide what to work on next.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Practicing clear communication.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 You can not not communicate: few things are as important to study, practice, and perfect as clear communication. {\b Poor communication creates more work} and we embrace these principles to avoid that:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Real-time sometimes, asynchronous most of the time.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Internal communication based on long-form writing, rather than a verbal tradition of meetings, speaking, and chatting, leads to a welcomed reduction in meetings, video conferences, calls, or other real-time opportunities to interrupt and be interrupted.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Give meaningful discussions a meaningful amount of time to develop and unfold. Rushing to judgement, or demanding immediate responses, only serves to increase the odds of poor decision making.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Meetings are the last resort, not the first option. Five people in a room for an hour isn\u8217't a one hour meeting, it\u8217's a five hour meeting. How often was it worth that? Could you have just written it up instead? Be mindful of the costs and tradeoffs.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Writing solidifies, chat dissolves. Substantial decisions start and end with an exchange of complete thoughts, not one-line-at-a-time jousts. If it\u8217's important, critical, or fundamental, write it up, don\u8217't chat it down.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Speaking only helps who\u8217's in the room, writing helps everyone. This includes people who couldn\u8217't make it, or future employees who join years from now.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Never expect or require someone to get back to you immediately unless it\u8217's a true emergency. The expectation of immediate response is toxic.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Urgency is overrated, ASAP is poison.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab If something\u8217's going to be difficult to hear or share, invite questions at the end. Ending without the invitation will lead to public silence but private conjecture. This is where rumors breed.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab The end of the day has a way of convincing you what you\u8217've done is good, but the next morning has a way of telling you the truth. If you aren\u8217't sure, sleep on it before saying it.\sa180\par}
}
