{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 \fmodern Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Back to top\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 It\u8217's always a bittersweet moment to bid farewell to a member of our team, but we wholeheartedly wish you all the best in your future endeavors. To assist you with the {\b termination process,} the following information will guide you through the necessary steps.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Full-time permanent positions\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Full-time permanent positions can be terminated by the employee at any time, as long as the applicable notice period is complied with. The employer can only ordinarily terminate the employment contract subject to statutory provisions.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Notice period\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 As per company policy, the notice period for full-time permanent positions is {\b three months.} To initiate the departure process, please submit your letter of resignation to your supervisor in compliance with the notice period. You will receive confirmation of your resignation from HR Operations, along with details of the necessary leaving formalities.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Termination of Swiss Federal Pension Fund PUBLICA\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Membership of the Swiss Federal Pension Fund PUBLICA ends, in principle, with the end of your contract at ETH Zurich.} When leaving, you can choose one of the following three options.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 1.\tx360\tab {\b New Employment Relationship in Switzerland:} If you are entering a new employment relationship in Switzerland, the following details are required to transfer the vested benefits from PUBLICA to the new employer\u8217's pension fund.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 2.\tx360\tab {\b No New Employment Relationship in Switzerland:} If you are not entering a new employment relationship, please open either a vested benefits account (blocked account) with a bank or a vested benefits policy with a life insurance company. PUBLICA will transfer your vested benefits to this institution.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 3.\tx360\tab {\b Cash Payment:} Depending on your personal situation regarding leaving in the EU, you can apply for a cash payment if the following points apply to you. Please note the list of documents that you will need to include with your cash payment application.\sa180\par}
}
