{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 \fmodern Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Back to top\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Titles for Programmers\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 In our programming teams, we have two types of programmers: \u8220"Cloud\u8221" and \u8220"Hardware.\u8221" Cloud programmers work with languages suitable for cloud computing, like Python, Go, and Java, while Hardware programmers focus on acceleration technologies and hardware description languges for FPGAs and GPUs. In general, they are all responsible for developing and optimizing code, adhering to established coding patterns and practices.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Junior Programmer\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Work is thoroughly reviewed, often requiring substantial back-and-forth before merging.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Proficiency in basic language features, with some advanced structures still unfamiliar.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Occasionally encounters issues following existing code base patterns and approaches.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Primarily tackles tightly scoped, routine problems, with less than 2 years of professional programming experience in the specific domain.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Programmer\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Work is reviewed with the occasional need for material direction or implementation changes.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Following established patterns and approaches within existing code bases with ease.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Working mostly on clearly defined and scoped individual features or problems.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Typically, you have at least 2-5 years of professional programming experience in the specific domain, showcasing your expertise and contributing to the team\u8217's success.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Senior Programmer\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Work may not require review, but the general approach might be assessed.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Capable of independently developing significant features from concept to deployment, often collaborating with a designer.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Offers constructive feedback on junior programmers\u8217' and programmers\u8217' work.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Possesses deep expertise in at least one programming environment and basic proficiency in an additional one, typically with 5-8 years of professional programming experience in the specific domain.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Lead Programmer\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Works autonomously, rarely requiring regular review.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Proficient in managing entire subsystems of work.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Plays a key role in establishing and upholding professional standards across the organization.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Demonstrates deep expertise in multiple programming environments, capable of directing small teams for significant cross-domain projects, often with 8-12 years of professional programming experience in the specific domain.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Principal Programmer\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Sets and directs entire bigger projects and teams.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fully capable of designing, owning, and running entirely new, innovative systems from scratch.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Proficient in leading and directing larger teams for extensive, long-term projects.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Widely recognized in the industry for significant contributions to the state of the art, often inventing new concepts and regularly propelling the entire organization forward, typically with 12-15+ years of professional programming experience in the specific domain.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Titles for Designers\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 A Designer is responsible for creating and refining visual elements and layouts while adhering to established design patterns and guidelines. Designers contribute to the visual aspects of projects and may work on tasks related to web, mobile, or other design domains (like Visual Code extensions).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Junior Designer\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Work is thoroughly reviewed with substantial back-and-forth collaboration.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Focuses on tightly scoped, routine design tasks alongside another designer.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Adheres to existing design patterns and maintains consistency with our established look and feel.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Typically has less than 2 years of professional design experience.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Designer\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Work is reviewed with occasional guidance, allowing for material direction or implementation changes.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Focuses on tightly scoped features, individual screens, or small design tasks alongside another designer.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Typically has 2-5 years of professional design experience, contributing to the team\u8217's creative efforts.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Senior Designer\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Work may not require regular review, although the general approach may be assessed.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Capable of independently managing small batch projects, overseeing them from concept to completion as the sole designer (collaborating with a programmer).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Occasionally leads larger batch projects, sometimes with assistance.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Typically has 5-8 years of professional design experience, demonstrating expertise in the field.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Lead Designer\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Works autonomously, rarely requiring regular review, and leads by example in design expertise.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Proficient in managing large batch projects independently, overseeing them from concept to completion as the sole designer (collaborating with a programmer).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Leads a small department or drives longer-term initiatives within the organization.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Typically has 8-12 years of professional design experience, showcasing expertise in design leadership and industry recognition.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Principal Designer\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Leads our most complex, critical, big batch projects from concept to completion as the sole designer (collaborating with one or more programmers).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Drives major product redesigns, evolving products from one version to the next.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Innovates by conceiving and prototyping new products from scratch.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Actively contributes to the design community by publishing insights, introducing novel techniques, and comfortably engaging in discussions about complex application logic with programmers. Typically has 12-15+ years of professional design experience, demonstrating leadership and pioneering contributions to the industry.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Titles for Ops\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 A Reliability Engineer ensures system performance and reliability while driving improvement and innovation. They use automation tools to maintain consistency, monitor performance, and ensure high reliability in complex IT environments.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Junior Site Reliability Engineer\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Requires discussions about tasks and how to complete them before initiating work.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Possesses basic familiarity with networking, configuration management, containers, orchestration, and other major systems, along with awareness of common processes and procedures.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Primarily handles low-risk, isolated system maintenance tasks and plays a passive role in emergency problem resolution.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Typically has 1-2 years of experience, seeks guidance from more senior team members, and actively asks questions to enhance knowledge and skills.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Site Reliability Engineer\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Work is reviewed occasionally with the need for material direction or implementation changes.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Focuses on resolving single-system or variable problems.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Capable of handling on-call responsibilities with the support of a more senior team member.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Can perform work on production systems following existing procedures, showing expertise in specific areas but lacking experience in others. Typically has at least 5 years of experience as a sysadmin or programmer with site reliability experience.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Senior Site Reliability Engineer\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Work generally doesn\u8217't require regular review, but the general approach may be considered.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Demonstrates independence by contributing to smaller projects and making reliable contributions to larger ones.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Actively participates in the on-call rotation, ensuring system reliability.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Typically has 6-10 years of experience as a professional sysadmin or network engineer.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Lead Site Reliability Engineer\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Leads teams when necessary and operates autonomously, demonstrating extensive system expertise.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Serves as a subject matter expert on multiple systems, contributing to strategic decisions and setting new professional standards.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Elevates standards through the introduction of new tools, processes, procedures, and effective communication, including research, testing, implementation, and system improvement.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Typically has 8-12 years of experience as a professional sysadmin, consistently demonstrating technical maturity and leadership qualities under pressure.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Principal Site Reliability Engineer\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Independently manages large and complex Ops projects, carrying significant responsibility across various infrastructure domains.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Demonstrates extensive expertise across multiple areas, including configuration management, containers, continuous integration/development, debugging, orchestration, optimization, networking, performance, reliability, and security.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Drives innovation and progress within the organization by implementing new systems, designs, and procedures, regularly pushing the entire organization forward.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Typically has 12-15 years of experience as a professional sysadmin, excelling in error-free work, leadership, coordination, and crisis resolution across teams and domains.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Titles for Support\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Support employees assist customers, manage inquiries, and maintain service quality. With experience, they mentor and innovate, leading impactful initiatives.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Junior Customer Support Representative\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Works under regular review, providing support assistance and learning the ropes.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Assists with basic support tasks and inquiries, following established procedures.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Collaborates with the support team, gaining experience in the support domain.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Typically has less than 2 years of professional support experience.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Customer Support Representative\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Provides support independently while seeking guidance when necessary.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Manages various support tasks and inquiries, following established support procedures.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Collaborates effectively within the support team, occasionally mentoring junior support members.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Typically has 2-5 years of professional support experience.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Senior Customer Support Representative\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Provides advanced support independently, often as a subject matter expert.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Addresses complex support issues and inquiries, contributing to solutions and process improvements.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Assists in setting and upholding professional standards within the support organization.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Typically has 5-8 years of professional support experience, guiding and mentoring support teams for substantial projects.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Lead Customer Support Representative\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Operates autonomously, overseeing daily support department operations.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Manages complex support challenges and escalations, ensuring smooth service delivery.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Sets and maintains high professional standards within the support organization.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Typically has 8-12 years of professional support experience, capable of leading and directing support teams for significant projects.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Principal Customer Support Representative\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Leads and directs the entire support department, defining its strategic direction.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Innovates support solutions and processes, elevating service quality.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Recognized as an industry expert in support, contributing significantly to the field.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Typically has 12-15+ years of professional support experience, capable of directing support departments for large-scale, impactful initiatives.\sa180\par}
}
