{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 \fmodern Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Back to top\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 cloudFPGA\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 As the CTO and Head of Product at DC-ONE AG (later known as GRAPIN AG), Javier held the responsibility of spearheading the development of a cutting-edge technology platform for heterogeneous computing. This platform was built upon IBM\u8217's Research Europe Zurich {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.zurich.ibm.com/microserver/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
DOME MicroDataCenter
}}}
 and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.zurich.ibm.com/cci/cloudFPGA/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
cloudFPGA
}}}
 high-performance computing platforms. To get to know more, please follow {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://public.3.basecamp.com/p/Qnur1ZKsueQEo4zGX2qLXSkN"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
this link.
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Heterogeneous Accelerated Compute Cluster\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 In 2021, Javier joined {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://people.inf.ethz.ch/alonso/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Prof.\u160 ?Dr.\u160 ?Gustavo Alonso
}}}
\u8217's research team at the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://systems.ethz.ch/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Systems Group,
}}}
 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ethz.ch/en.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
ETH Zurich (ETHZ).
}}}
 During the first two years of his engagement at ETH, Javier took on the ambitious project of completely rebuilding the ETHZ Heterogeneous Accelerated Compute Cluster (ETH-HACC). Such a cluster one of the five HACCs established as part of the AMD University Program, distributed across some of the world\u8217's most prestigious universities. For additional details, please visit GitHub\u8217's {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/fpgasystems/hacc"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Heterogeneous Accelerated Compute Cluster
}}}
 repository.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Systems Group RunTime\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 With the ETHZ-HACC expanding in terms of both server count and the variety of accelerators, from FPGAs to ACAPs, FPGAs, multi-core GPUs, and GPUs, the management of this diverse range of devices and the deployment of accelerated applications became increasingly challenging. To address these challenges, Javier developed the {\b Systems Group RunTime,} a unified software suite including a CLI and API. For more comprehensive information, please visit GitHub\u8217's {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/fpgasystems/sgrt"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
SGRT
}}}
 repository.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Hyperion\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Oreol\u8217's first product, Hyperion, is an on-premises acceleration platform that combines energy-efficient servers with advanced acceleration devices like ACAPs, FPGAs, CPUs, and GPUs. Designed for specialized acceleration engineers in research institutions, Hyperion provides a tailored command-line interpreter (CLI) and API, packaged as Hyperion RunTime (HRT), for efficient device management and application development.\par}
}
